Docs: Overrides v2 (#2237)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/building-sections/overrides/overrides-overview.mdx

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs'

<header>
# Overrides
</header>

Overrides allow you to replace native components within sections with custom ones. This maintains the core functionalities of native components while allowing you to adjust their appearance and behavior to suit your store's needs.

All component customizations happen within sections. You can create multiple overrides for native sections, resulting in a new React component representing the overridden section.

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  Sections are native components that group other components to create specifics part of your store page, such as the [Hero](https://www.faststore.dev/components/organisms/hero) which includes the following components: `Hero`, `HeroImage`, and `HeroHeader`,
  simplifying the process of building cohesive layouts.
</Callout> 

## Override options

There are three options to customize your component through overrides:

> - **Overriding component props:** Change a component's behavior by [passing additional props](https://www.faststore.dev/docs/building-sections/overrides/override-component-props) to it in your store code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Overriding component props:** Change a component's behavior by [passing additional props](/docs/building-sections/overrides/override-component-props) to it in your store code.
```

 
- **Overriding a section:** [Build a new section](https://www.faststore.dev/docs/building-sections/overrides/override-component) based on its native equivalent to achieve the desired functionality.

- **Overriding section styles:** Customize the look and feel of a section without changing its functionality through its [styles](https://www.faststore.dev/docs/building-sections/overrides/override-section-styles).

> 

Author: ```suggestion

## Headless CMS customization and overrides

Keep in mind that customizations made directly in the VTEX Admin through the [Headless CMS](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/headless-cms-overview) take priority over code-based overrides.
```

## Available sections to override

Check the available sections and their components in the [List of native sections](/docs/building-sections/overrides/list-of-native-sections) guide. 
Also, check out the sections equivalent [Headless CMS schemas](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/headless-cms-3-adding-content-types-and-sections#step-3-adding-sections-to-the-headless-cms). 

Once you define which section you wish to modify, you can choose to override only its props or the whole section structure.

### `__experimental` components

> Some sections may contain components labeled with `__experimental`. These components are undergoing migration to [FastStore UI](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/components-index) and may present limitations. 
> While they are not yet fully migrated, `__experimental` components are available for use, but not for overriding options.

Author: ```suggestion
Some sections may contain components labeled with `__experimental`. These components are undergoing migration to [FastStore UI](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/components-index) and may present limitations. 
While they are not yet fully migrated, `__experimental` components can be [overridden](LINK-OVERRIDES-COMPONENTS), but you can't override their props.
```

> ## Headless CMS customization and overrides

Author: ```suggestion
```

> While they are not yet fully migrated, `__experimental` components are available for use, but not for overriding options.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if it's clear that you can override this component (replace for other component), but you can't override its props.

Author: @hellofanny reviewed this part of the text. Can you check it? thanks

> ## Headless CMS customization and overrides

Reviewer: Actually we can place this information before the `experimental` section, since is more important.

> Keep in mind that customizations made directly in the VTEX Admin through the [Headless CMS](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/headless-cms-overview) take priority over code-based overrides.

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Headless CMS customization and overrides

Keep in mind that customizations made directly in the VTEX Admin through the [Headless CMS](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/headless-cms-overview) take priority over code-based overrides.
## Available sections to override

Check the available sections and their components in the [List of native sections](/docs/building-sections/overrides/list-of-native-sections) guide. 
Also, check out the sections equivalent [Headless CMS schemas](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/headless-cms-3-adding-content-types-and-sections#step-3-adding-sections-to-the-headless-cms). 

Once you define which section you wish to modify, you can choose to override only its props or the whole section structure.

### `__experimental` components

Some sections may contain components labeled with `__experimental`. These components are undergoing migration to [FastStore UI](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/components-index) and may present limitations. 

> While they are not yet fully migrated, `__experimental` components can be [overridden](LINK-OVERRIDES-COMPONENTS), but you can't override their props.

Author: ```suggestion
While they are not yet fully migrated, __experimental components are available for [override](LINK-OVERRIDES-COMPONENTS) but not for prop overriding options.
```
